next steps

examples  -update guidance,  add examples see endpoint data and get from BRyn.
profiles - reveiw with Bryn
interaction - review yan suggestions and update
home page - wait for Bryns edits.

todo adding new content.

add overview to home page  source?

add dm view to guidance or index page ?

do we need a data exchange profile + individual + summary  ?
data exchange extension.

data echange vs reporting aggregators role and "receiver"
data echange vs reporting aggregators role and "receiver"

Payor - results to reporting agency -->  Receiver.

Receiver = EndUser or Consumer

Provider to aggregator,

Data exchange

Reporting

GF#18760 for adding reporting of results.
GF#20504 for adding COL usecase
GF#20505 for adding VTE usecase
create new trackers for COl and VTE1

linking back to base specification - broader thna the cross ig home page content


content by end of day tomorrow

use QI core profiles where available

as illustrated by the followin examples yada  as

discussed in the data standards landscape.

for evaluateMeasure   - get ballot comments..on it

report pushing reports  using POST FHIRRESTfully...

POST Bundle for ind reporting
POST MeasureReport for summaries...

subject list note.

for examples remove the repeating interactions and point to interaction page.


get ri data.


CQFM? Library and Measures.... or HEDIS? or DEQM?

Update all the measures.

For this afternoon, walk the IG layout
  look for ToDo's and assign
 Note any needs for trackers

Home Page - shared with Measure IG
  Then Guide specific material - Links at top

Guidance and Overview
  Data Exchange
  	Interactions - add batch to Collect Data)
  	  Submit
  	  Collect
  	  Subscription
  	Profiling
  Reporting - uses evaluateMeasure
  	Interactions -
    Individual -Post Bundle with MeasureReport
    Summary - Post MeasureReport

Use Case Tab becomes Examples
MRP
	Overview
		Data Flow
	Exchange Guidance - triggering when provider pushes "attest button"
	  Interactions - Submit
	What you exchange - profiles
	Reporting
	  Individual
	  Summary
Colorectal Cancer – Remove the repeating general information about each operation. Link back to the Interactions page. Keep the information in the example. Use the data from prior Connectathons - Bryn
	Overview
	  	Data Flow
	FHIR Resource Overview
		Update DEQM profiles to called cqfm measures
		Linda will mark up this section and send to Eric
Data Exchange Guidance - triggering
		 Interactions -
	  	Submit - when EHR receives/creates record
	  Collect Data - when payer has claim (batch of Collect Data)
	  Subscription
	What you exchange - Profiles including DEQM Data Exchange MeasureReport (includes all resources submitter has for the measure)
	Reporting
	  	Individual - Profiles including DEQM Individual MeasureReport (includes all resources used in calculating measure)
	  	Summary - Profile on DEQM Summary MeasureReport
VTE - http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/davinci-deqm/vte1.html
  Overview
	  Data Flow
	Exchange Guidance - triggering
	 Interactions -
	  Submit - when EHR receives/creates record
	  Collect Data - when payer has claim (batch of Collect Data)
	  Subscription
	What you exchange - Profiles including DEQM Data Exchange MeasureReport (includes all resources submitter has for the measure)
	Reporting
	  Individual - Profiles including DEQM Individual MeasureReport (includes all resources used in calculating measure)




Deadline goals - all content by COB Wednesday

- Awaiting feedback on Bryn's Introductory page by tomorrow to add to the Measure IG. Then it can be added to

http://build.fhir.org/ig/cqframework/cqf-measures/
1.      Quality Improvement Ecosystem: review QRDA/HQMF for narratives that could reuse for this section - Yan
2.      Review Quality Measurement Standard Landscape section (homepage)– Rose
	- Send to Bryn
3.      Review Data Model Standards Landscape section – Ben
4.      Review Quality Reporting Scenarios section (homepage)– Michael
	- Send to Eric
5.      Review the edits made to Home page and Guidance and Overview page (prior to Bryn’s new updates) provided by Yan – Linda
6. 	COL Example page
	- CLinical and administrative narrative - Viet
	- Transaction flow diagram - Viet
	- Sample data - ??
7.	Technical Artifacts
	- Profiles - should be added to IG (but not final) - Bryn to work with Eric to clarify profiles, particulary MeasureReport
		- add language to Landscape regarding using QiCore Profiles when available (Bryn)
8.	Linda and Yan to work on
2.1.1 Quality Reporting: Measure and MeasureReport Resources
9. 	Guidance and Overview
  Data Exchange (done)
  			Interactions -
  		  		Submit-data
  	  			Collect-data – Describe how a payer would request data for a set of patients (returned as a batch? – Bryn)
  	 	 Subscription
  		Profiling (see profile page)
  Reporting - uses evaluateMeasure (Linda and Yan to add text to explain reporting, from QRDA and modified)
  	Interactions - Eric
    		Individual - Post Bundle with MeasureReport and evaluated resources
    		Summary - Post MeasureReport.
	Note – evaluateMeasure requires a FHIR endpoint that supports the operation and has the data.


Bryn and Eric to work on - http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/davinci-deqm/StructureDefinition-summary-measurereport-deqm.html - done - finish narrative

We are not supporting the subject-list type of MeasureReport – Will need to add a note in the General Guidance


5/6/19 Notes
Yanyan – VTE1 measure conversion is in progress. Not sure if the conversion to FHIR will be complete by 3/24. Primarily the CQL components.
	Rob 	– profile list should be ok
Bryn – VTE1 is ok for the initial review Friday 3/8
What’s a good scope of what we provide in the ballot?
VTE1
-	Measure profiles – ok
-	CQL timing constrains done
-	Base definitions – still a lot of work in order to support measure calculation
-	Bryn – to assist by drafting the VTE details for Yanyan to review
Rob – changes made to VTE page.
-	Eric needs list of VTE1 FHIR Profiles – get from Bryn/Rob
-	Process visio diagrams
o	Need input from Yanyan and EHR vendors for details
o	What interactions do we need diagrams
	Does an aggregator need this measure in real-time? Data-submission type MeasureReport
•	Realtime may be more of a CDS
•	Window is a hospitalization, not a calendar period
•	Ask reviewers for ballot comments on data exchange
	Or do they only need the report
o	In IG, we would need:
	Individual report
	Summary report – in case it may be important for a specific payer program
-	W.r.t. MeasureReport profiles. We will keep the profile named DEQM Data Exchange MeasureReport (uses type data-collection)
Linda/Yan – Interactions page will be very long
	 Would like to separate the Interactions page to sub pages for Data Exchange and Measure Reporting Pages
-	Yan and Linda will provide content to support these two sub-pages


Viet to add text to explain how we picked certain examples and add it to the General Guidance page and provide a link to this explaination in each specific example.

Remove details on Terminology page and write in: -done
Please refer to specific FHIR resources and profiles for each measure’s requirements for guidance in appropriate use of value sets, terminologies and code system. -done
