apply trackers
Complete the profiles  in R4 (hold for now)
(add text to explain the extended context on the event-notDone extension.)  -done
QA guidance ??
** add POST report/ figures done for frameworks  - updates to examples

** add examples  MRP - need individual report examples for MRP done

need example for COL and VTE

Click Here To See Example Submit Data Operation (edited for brevity)

For a complete un-edited example see the [Example MRP Submit Data Operation]
qa/links  (some R3 and R4 canonicals not working  :-( )  fixed
fix figures  only VTE left? and subscription
add numbering captions to figures. -done
apply all todos where needed.  -
prepublish punchlist.


18644	Broken links, complete Cap Statement  - draft of cap statments
18678	Address Public Health perspective ??
18670	Add submission of measure results.  ??
18666	Add description of exchanging data for measures using different mechanisms.
18664	Addition of guidance to specify intent is for automated data collection, not human interaction.
18658	Hyperlink for value sets  - reopen and redisposition
18697	Complete 'To-Do' sections -
18730	Complete 'To-Do' sections -
18623	Numbering of Sections - done
18713	Inconsistent nesting - done
18620	Complete Capability Statement -   - drafted



The link 'http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/measure-operation-collect-data.html' for "$collect-data (R4)" cannot be resolved
http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/operationdefinition.html

update all An X playing the role of -done

Producer/Consumer/Reporter/Receiver -done

MRP Individual and summary done

Summary report only resource or bundle. - both

bundle post as transactions. -done

versions and STU?  STU 2, IG Version 2.0.0 build package file

add copy to button done

'I'm reviewing the cap statements, and there are a few things that I don't understand, but there are also some profile links that I think we need to switch to point to the CQF Measures IG instead of the DEQM profile (for Library and Measure)'

Add group identifier to summary measure - done

swap out DEQM Library and Measure for other - done

fix xpath for invarients - TODO!

get response for post  ( may need to sort the resources in the Bundle )

Title and version !!!

done add section on ind summ  - how to send >1 measurereport for > 1 patient
multiple measurereports and multiple patients and packaging them  many ways including patient list.  reference the same assoc resources in the same bundled package.

create a Security section?  Refer to QI Core section on Security??

Provenance?

email lisa a snapshot of figure done  see comments

funding for Montreal?

how are the CFQM measure profiles used in DEQM should they be referenced in the profiles?

do we need to make the hedis ig a dependency of this ig?  done for dev

subscription triggering could use more work.

fix Receiver Server  - get rid of ops. done

update example scenario text too?

Reorder the resources for the transaction bundle?

QA done

Change notes/Change logs?  started page created package-list.json  file

figure out how to create package list for both STU3 and R4 guides

examples done.

Add subscrption flow. -done

update cap statetements to add transactions.
update name to pascal case
update ig names in cap statements and ig  = done
